In this video we'll start with a new site in the student's sandbox activating the author pro theme and
plug in and importing content using the demo SML file.
and custom fields.
You need to have them activated before importing the content.
By the end of this video you'll have your new sandbox site ready to explore the different display features
Let's get started.
Let's start by logging into the student sandbox at W.P. of course dot com.
If you're not already I'm at students W.P. of course dot com as usual and I click the log in button
and use my any of my my username and password.
Now when it opens up again I'll just make note that I'm logged into my primary site which is the last
sites.
pro theme.
So use a name that's your name author or something else like that.
Pause the video and be right back right.
I chose your name author dot dot dot of course dot com for my site name and I named it author pro CBT.
CBT in wordpress speak stands for custom post types and so the first thing I'm going to do is open up
That means anytime I log in to W.P. of course dotcom it will open the author pro site that I'm working
You've done this before so I'm going to issue it as a challenge where you can pause the video give it
But there's three things I'd like you to do in this challenge.
First though under appearance themes and activate the author pro theme from Genesis and studio press.
Secondly click the plug ins button and activate the author pro plugin and then thirdly inside of your
Demo files download in the theme SML demo content folder download and import the author pro theme SML
file and import it into your site puzzle video.
Well how'd you do with that.
First I'm going to roll over.
And of course we've got a lot of different themes in here.
Author pro though is near the top because it starts with the letter A and I'm just going to click activate
just below because it's a child theme of Genesis.
present Genesis child themes within our WordPress installation.
Secondly I'm going to open up plug ins and now as I scroll down and look at what's activated nothing
activate plug in activated.
Great.
Now when I had downloaded the themed demo files using this link at the top of my wordpress dashboard
I created a folder on my desktop.
And so inside of my Windows Explorer I'm going to go inside of that demo content files folder open up
theme XML files and I can see that author pro is right there.
Now that I know where it is you should have been able to find under Tools the import button.
Now we're going to be using the word press importer.
So by clicking that button we're activating that and I'm going to click Browse and go to my desktop
Demo continent files thematics XML files and author pro and click open.
Now once I have that file the author Dasch pro dot ex-MIL file here browsed from the Wordpress dashboard
import the best route is to click your own username for any of the content that's going to come in via
the import and you do want to click download and import file attachments so that that box is checked
and you get the images and everything coming in with the import.
Click submit and you should have seen this.
All done have fun and we didn't import any users so we don't have to update the passwords and the roles
of those users because all of the information in posts and different pages that came in with the import
will be assigned to me as a user.
Lastly we can just make sure that everything came in properly.
We can check the media library and in addition to the 30 images that come inside of new student sites
there's also a group of images starting here and down to the end.
These are all images that come in with the author pro import So that looks good and I also can see that
as an archive settings page so that looks good.
Great books with authors tags and book series that's great.
look at the differences between the author pro custom post types plug in and custom press the generic
You set up a new say in your students sandbox and activated the author pro theme and plugin.
Plus you imported the author pro demo content and hopefully you are able to do it on your own before
watching how I did it in this video in the next lesson.
Will take a look at all the specific content display methods for its custom post types that the author
See there